Add tracing-appender to project layout list in README (#706)
tokio-rs/tracing: README.md

* [`tracing-tower`]: Compatibility with the `tower` ecosystem (unstable).

> * [`tracing-appender`]: Utilities for file appenders and making non-blocking 
>   writers. ([crates.io][app-crates]|[docs][app-docs])

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
* [`tracing-appender`]: Utilities for outputting tracing data, including a file appender
   and non-blocking writer. ([crates.io][app-crates]|[docs][app-docs])
```
